Did he say what it's about?
Who else is coming in? Everyone?
Yeah. Well, it would be easier
if it wasn't Saturday already.
But I can…
I can add 30 people to the list.
No, no. Can…
No, sugar.
Not you, Jones.
-Uh-uh.
-Oh.
Yeah. What if we open up the patio?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Ugh.
All right, got it. I'm on my way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll be there at 2:00.
Thanks for breakfast, hon. I gotta go.
Yeah, I gotta go too.
All right, let's see.
What do I have to do? I've got to…
-What?
-This is crazy.
Look at us. This is our weekend.
Honey, the reception's this afternoon.
I've gotta order tomato basil crostini…
Yeah, and I gotta catch some bad guys,
but we also need a little time for us.
I know. I'm sorry.
Ever since I got back from San Francisco,
it's been nonstop.
Well, you know what?
It is gonna end tonight.
You and me, a bottle of wine and a movie.
No work. No discussion of work.
No excuses. Just us.
Wow. Okay. All right.
ELIZABETH: Mmm.
Mmm. Just for that,
I might make my patented pot roast.
Oh, I wonder what you'll make
if I keep going.
(PETER CHUCKLES)
-Bye.
(ELIZABETH CHUCKLES)
Tonight.
Date night. Don't be late.
I won't.
Any idea why we're being called in
at 8:00 a.m. on a Saturday?
Crime doesn't take the weekend off.
Did you have plans?
Yeah, I was hoping to go
to the White Bored exhibit at the Powell.
-White Board?
-No, no, White Bored. Spelled B-O-R-E-D.
It's conceptual.
The artist has taken a mundane office item
and turned it into a canvas commentary
on modern business.
-Does he use paint?
-Markers.
I already have one in my office.
Wait. And how did you know
how I was spelling "bored"?
-It's the same word.
-Your tone.
Peter, you gotta see it. Come with me.
The museum's outside your radius.
Can't. Date night with Elizabeth.
Even better. She'll love it.
No, date night, which means
no White Bored of any sort and no Neal.
You could ask her.
I'll make you a deal.
-You can see the exhibit.
-Really?
If you can find an FBI agent
willing to escort you.
Cake.
Making El pot roast?
It's the only food
I've ever heard you brag about.
Bancroft's here.
Your boss' boss.
PETER: This can't be good.
Do all the higher-ups
do double finger-point?
They teach it at Quantico. Wait here.
Diana.
Good morning, Neal. What do you want?
It's the last weekend
of the White Bored exhibit at the Powell.
Outside your radius.
I need an escort.
Just hear me out.
Swan's work is gonna blow your mind.
His pieces are a master study
of corporate counterculture.
Frankly, I think it would be irresponsible
for you to ignore it as an informed member
of a white-collar division.
-I agree.
-Excellent.
That's why I went last week.
You shouldn't have waited so long to ask.
Why are the marshals here?
I guess you're gonna find out.
Neal, this is John Deckard
from the Marshal's office.
Are you sure it's necessary
to bring him in?
Neal, how long did you evade
the US Marshals?
Well, technically, they never found me.
You did.
As I heard it,
you had the marshals searching for you
along the Mexican Riviera.
If anyone knows about evading arrest,
it's Neal Caffrey.
BANCROFT: I want this agent found.
-And I want the two of you to work it out.
-Yes, sir.
FBI Agent Jack Franklin
is currently a fugitive.
An FBI agent's on the run?
He used to work here
in the White Collar branch.
-Did you know him?
-Not well.
He transferred in from the Chicago office
a couple years ago,
then he got bumped down
to Internal Bank Fraud.
Isn't that the Siberia of assignments?
Maybe the Bureau
should have fired him instead.
US Marshals caught him
trying to access their witness database.
Oh.
Deckard, do you wanna
coordinate the search?
The Justice Department insisted
we loop you in.
Well, you're looped in.
Let me know what you find.
-US Marshals, all smiles.
-Yeah.
Conference room.
Franklin is one of us.
I don't know what he's gotten into,
but if anybody's gonna bring him in,
it's gonna be the FBI.
(CHUCKLES)
-What?
-This is the first time
I've been on this side of a manhunt.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
PETER: The marshals
went looking for Franklin
at 6:30 this morning and he's MIA.
They've got a two-hour head start.
We cannot let them
get to Franklin before we do.
If they catch him fleeing,
they will shoot him. Jones?
I'll check the airports,
transit in and out of the city.
-Good. Diana?
-I'll put photos in circulation
cross-referenced with his FBI aliases.
All right, I wanna canvass
his friends and family, so let's move.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-Franklin was a good agent.
-He was.
Top in his class, 12 years of service.
FBI Medal of Valor.
That can't be easy to come by.
-Mmm-mmm.
-What happened?
He had an inappropriate relationship
with a CI.
-Really?
-Yes.
-How inappropriate?
-Do you want me to draw a diagram?
No.
He fell in love with her. He got caught.
They sent him down to Bank Fraud.
Then she was his first stop.
Well, maybe. She's his former CI.
They broke it off when he got transferred.
She has three known aliases.
She knows how to hide someone.
Come on, Peter. If you went on the run…
-I wouldn't go on the run.
-Yeah, but if you did.
Yes, I'm sure it'd be your fault.
Let's move.
-Rebecca Vidal, please.
-Sure, one moment.
She works here in… Ahem, sales.
Before she became a CI, what was she into?
She was a car thief.
Do what you know.
(PETER CLEARS THROAT)
I'm a prospective customer.
Rebecca and I are going on a test drive.
Maybe I should take the test drive,
talk to her CI to CI.
You will do no such thing.
You just wanna drive the car.
It's those two gentlemen right over there.
REBECCA: Oh, good.
MAN: I'm gonna have a look over here.
Now I understand
the inappropriate relationship.
PETER: There's a reason
El prefers my working with a male CI.
If the car talk gets a little detailed,
I got you covered.
Thanks.
Hi, I'm Rebecca.
What can I do for you today?
Actually my friend Peter
has come into a modest windfall.
-I'm his consultant.
-Oh.
I have an '86 GTB
and I'm looking at an upgrade.
Well, '86 is a classic,
but the Spider's got 483 horsepower
versus 270 in yours.
Double the torque, F-track stability,
which you need at 200 miles an hour.
How are the adjustments
to manettino controls?
Well, I could tell you you'd love
the steering wheel-mount shifting,
but nothing speaks like a test drive.
-(CHUCKLES)
-And it comes standard with GPS?
Yes. I'll go get the keys.
'86 GTB. Nice touch.
You don't have to drive one
to dream about them.
(ENGINE REVS)
Behave while I'm gone.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
-There you go.
-Thank you.
-You've been here before.
-Yeah, a few times.
-What's your name?
-Dan.
-Anyone ever offered you a test drive?
-No.
Nobody ever said hello.
People judge.
-I wish it weren't so, but people judge.
-(CHUCKLES)
By your cotton-poly blend,
pleated khaki slacks,
by your cell phone holster. But, Dan,
you can wear whatever you want
if you drive a Gallardo.
-Yeah?
-But that's not why you drive one.
You drive one because this car
is a transcendent experience.
Hello, Dan. I'm Nick Halden.
Ready for a test drive?
Yeah.
I'll get the keys.
Taking the Gallardo out.
He's a looker, not a buyer.
-When did you start?
-This morning.
Eddy didn't tell you? Nick Halden.
-Welcome, Nick.
-Thanks.
-Welcome.
-He may be a looker, but he's a live one.
-Good luck.
-Thank you.
(ENGINE REVVING)
(ENGINE STOPS)
Why are we stopping?
Peter Burke, FBI.
Based on that look, you know why I'm here.
-I knew it. I knew it.
-Listen to me.
I worked with Agent Franklin
in the White Collar Division.
-I wanna help him.
-The marshals already came by.
They searched my place this morning,
then went through all my stuff at work.
I'm not doing this again.
Take me back.
Now.
My CI is more than just my entrée
into the criminal world.
He's the one I turn to when I need help.
-Are you finished?
-Yeah.
Good. Then turn the car around.
(ENGINE STARTS)
-What'd I say? What did I tell you?
-I want it. That one.
Okay, have a seat.
I'll get the paperwork going.
Can I get you some espresso?
-That'd be great.
-Okay, sure.
Listen, uh, this is my first sale
and I promised to split it with Rebecca.
He's buying?
I know. But she's out
with another customer.
-Can you log me in on her computer?
-Sure.
(COMPUTER CHIMES)
-Congrats.
-Thanks.
Ahem. Oh, um…
Could you get him an espresso?
Thanks.
You better hope I find him
before the marshals.
Look, I haven't seen Agent Franklin
in almost a year.
He broke it off after they demoted him.
He was a good agent.
Whatever they're saying he did,
there's no way.
He needs to come in.
It's the only way we can clear him.
I told you, I don't know where he is.
All right, listen. Listen.
If you two do make contact,
let him know that
I'll make him this promise.
I'm willing to listen.
-Uh…
-What?
Ahem. I know that you think
I only took the car out to talk.
Clearly you didn't take it out
to drive it.
No, but…
I need an honest answer on one more thing.
I've been with the Bureau for 12 years.
I've got perfect credit.
Can I get financed on one of these?
You'd have better luck
seizing one from a drug dealer.
-Hey.
-Hey, Rebecca. So glad you're back.
This is Dan.
He's buying the yellow Gallardo.
Dan, Rebecca will take it from here.
-Congratulations, my friend.
-Thanks.
What were you thinking?
Her drive log from yesterday? So?
3:45 p.m., she took a test drive
with Claudia Weaver.
Claudia Weaver?
That's one of Rebecca's aliases.
So she took herself for an hour-and-a-half
spin in a Porsche.
Any idea where she and her alias went?
Luckily the cars come equipped
with a GPS tracking device.
(LAUGHING) Just like you.
Just like me.
Franklin shows up at her showroom.
Rebecca tells everyone
she's going for a test drive.
And she parks the car here.
Or Franklin phoned her and they met there.
-Mmm-hmm.
-Boss, look at this file.
Sullivan anti-trust case.
It's the case Franklin was working on
before he got transferred
from White Collar.
Where'd you find it?
In a locked file drawer
in Franklin's office.
I got in there before
I let the marshals search it.
That's Deckard.
Are these all US Marshals?
No, not all of them.
Some are witnesses.
This guy's a lawyer. So is this guy.
DECKARD: Have you found anything?
Where's Agent Burke?
-Peter.
-Hmm.
AGENT: He's upstairs
in the conference room.
Come on.
Wait a minute.
If it's a canvas commentary,
why would he use white…
Burke.
Any leads?
Deckard, little heads-up
when you're on your way over here.
Hey, what did Franklin's CI say to you?
Did she give you a location?
Well, we don't have anything yet.
But how did you know
that we met with Rebecca Vidal?
The marshals can track my anklet.
I heard you were quick.
Are those Franklin's files?
Just the files you gave us this morning.
You know,
just because Franklin's one of you
doesn't make him any less guilty.
We're on the same team.
Jones, show him what we have.
You're not sharing the file
from Franklin's office.
-Think I'll take it home with me.
-Working from home.
That's one way to avoid them
looking over your shoulder.
Here's the other way.
You stay here
and let them look over your shoulder.
With pleasure.
Oh, Peter,
have fun cooking your pot roast.
(TIMER DINGS)
(RUSTLING OUTSIDE)
Jack Franklin?
FRANKLIN: Agent Burke?
You said you'd listen.
So here I am.
-I need you to lower your weapon.
-I can't do that.
Put your gun down, Jack.
-House rules.
-I know your rep, Peter.
And I'm here because you play straight.
You said you'd listen.
But I'm not surrendering my weapon
to you or anyone else.
Not until I can get the truth out.
Holster your weapon and we'll talk.
Hey, Mozz.
Sorry, I'm late.
So they conscripted your Saturdays.
Go, FBI.
Found anything?
I deciphered the phone number
that Kate dialed from the plane.
I traced it
to a store-bought burner phone.
So no names associated with it?
Not yet.
But, "the reason for time is so that
everything doesn't happen at once."
It's been a while
since you quoted Einstein.
It means you're in a groove.
Well, "great spirits
have often encountered
"violent opposition from weaker minds."
The pot roast smells good.
(CHUCKLES) You're kind of screwing up
my date night with my wife.
You wanna talk to me
about those accusations?
I was working on the Sullivan
anti-trust case.
After two years,
looked like I finally had a witness
who was willing to come forward.
One week before his testimony,
he's killed in a hit-and-run.
That's when you started
poking around the marshals' office.
Well, they were the only ones
aside from me
who knew where the witness was.
A few days after I start asking questions,
OPR gets wind of me and Rebecca.
Next thing I know,
I'm transferred into Bank Fraud.
Why didn't you tell anybody?
Well, I tried.
But I didn't have any proof.
Why now? Why did Deckard
start going after you today?
I made a breakthrough.
And Deckard knows I'm on to him.
Yesterday, I hacked into
one of the defense attorney's systems.
That's Volker in the Sullivan case.
I found a reference in an e-mail chain
to a hard-copy ledger.
-What's on it?
-As far as I can tell
it's got every transaction
Volker did with Deckard.
The witness names,
how much he paid Deckard,
the names on the accounts.
Volker keeps it in his office
in case Deckard tries to turn on him.
Hang on.
You and Rebecca went to Volker's office
yesterday to look for it.
We were casing it out. How did you know?
We followed the GPS data
on her test drive.
Does Deckard know this?
It's his case.
But if Deckard knows
I went to Volker's office,
he's gonna head there.
And if he gets that hard copy…
Jack. We do this together or not at all.
-Okay.
-You're a fugitive.
There's a warrant for your arrest.
I need you to surrender your weapon.
Good. Let's go.
I'm telling you, Jones,
you cannot miss this.
It's mostly office motifs, right?
Imagine Shepard Fairey meets Dilbert.
That means nothing to me.
-And you compare that to this.
-Where's Deckard?
He went to chase down a lead.
-Where?
-He didn't say.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
Yeah?
Peter. Neal and I
are on speaker in your office.
-PETER: What's going on?
-Deckard left the FBI.
Who are you on the phone with?
Jack, don't break in.
Are you with Jack Franklin?
Yeah, at Volker's office.
Franklin says that Deckard is the one
who's selling witness information.
And there's evidence
inVolker's office to prove it.
That may be where Deckard went.
Wait, wait, Peter, you're with Franklin?
-Yeah.
-Do you need backup?
No, we're in Glen Cove.
It would take a half-hour to get here.
-I'm not waiting for backup.
-Jack.
That evidence is my only hope.
You can wait here
or follow a fleeing suspect.
-Peter, I'm gonna call local PD.
-No, I'll manage.
I'll let you know if things change.
-(GUNFIRE)
-PETER: What now?
Franklin? Deckard?
It's Burke.
(SHREDDER WHIRRING)
Peter, he's destroying evidence.
DECKARD: Franklin, it's over.
You're coming in.
-Deckard.
-Yeah?
Where's your backup?
DECKARD: They're on their way.
(GUNFIRE, GLASS BREAKING)
PETER: Deckard, hold your fire.
He got to the files.
Deckard, I'm gonna stand up.
Both of us are gonna lower our weapons.
Burke, Jack Franklin's a fugitive.
Why haven't you cuffed him yet?
He's unarmed.
We're gonna wait for backup.
Well, I don't know what you have planned,
but he's coming with me.
Deckard, listen.
Oh. The FBI,
always covering for each other.
Don't think about it.
You have no idea
what you're getting yourself into.
I think I do.
PETER: Jam the door.
This won't hold long.
-(CELL PHONE RINGING)
-Peter.
I need to hotwire a Lamborghini.
Theoretically? Because…
No, right now.
I need to actually hotwire
a Lamborghini Murciélago Roadster.
Ooh, yeah. That's a tough one.
-Can you do this?
-No.
What do you mean no?
I mean, it's a half-million-dollar
Lamborghini.
You can't just tap two wires together
and fire up the engine. You need the key.
Becca, it's an '09 Lamborghini
640 LP Roadster.
Give me the VIN number.
If I find it in the dealership database
I may be able to route the key
code through the phone.
NEAL: Is Franklin talking to Rebecca?
Is this a CI-off?
Hard to say.
He's reading her the VIN number.
Wait, you said Volker
kept evidence against Deckard?
Yes, in his office.
So he's the kind of guy
who likes to have a backup plan.
No, I already checked.
No key in the obvious places.
Wait. Wait a second.
There's a small recess inside
the rear bumper molding.
-It's where I'd put a backup.
-FRANKLIN: Peter, she found the code.
But it's gonna take a couple of minutes
to see if it works.
(THUMPING ON DOOR)
(ENGINE STARTS)
My CI beat your CI.
Yeah, well, mine's out of practice.
(THUMPING ON DOOR)
(GUNSHOTS)
FRANKLIN: What are you doing?
PETER: This ends here.
I'm meeting my team.
I need to figure this out.
Not with me, you're not.
-You can't run from this.
-You saw what just happened.
Deckard destroyed
the only piece of evidence
I'm gonna find that's gonna clear my name.
And he's shooting to kill.
-We can fix this.
-How are you gonna do that?
(SIGHS) I don't know yet.
But the answer isn't getting
on a Greyhound bus.
Deckard knows
that you're in contact with Rebecca.
He's gonna go after her
to try to get to you.
There was a reason
that you were willing to risk your career
for the witness who was killed
in the Sullivan case.
I know you still believe in our system.
Okay. You had me at,
"He's gonna go after Rebecca."
(CAR APPROACHING)
It's all right. It's all right.
The car's got a tracking device
as good as my anklet.
PETER: Can you disable it?
Why? You're not coming in?
It's complicated.
We gotta lose the marshals.
They're not gonna be far behind us.
Then you better get started.
Oh. Of course.
Do I understand correctly
that Peter Burke is on the run?
-The same Peter Burke who would never run.
-No talking.
Tracking disabled.
-You okay?
-Getting there.
We're gonna need a place to hide out
until we figure out our next steps.
-I think I can manage that.
-Good.
You must be Agent Franklin.
PETER: All right,
you two head back to the FBI.
Any further contact will be through Diana.
Be careful, Mario.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
Hello, sir.
Where's Peter?
I see you've spoken with Deckard.
He said that Franklin
was destroying evidence
and that Peter helped him flee.
I believe Peter is still with Franklin.
Why?
He thinks Deckard is selling
the witness information, not Franklin.
-Really?
-Yeah. There was proof
in Volker's office, but Deckard
got there first and destroyed it.
-You were there?
-No.
So you don't know that.
Peter wouldn't have fled unless
he thought Franklin was in real danger.
So why didn't he come in?
Because he wanted your permission
to stay out there with Franklin
while they work out a way to prove
Deckard is behind this.
-Get Peter on the phone.
-He tossed it.
So, then he isn't really
asking permission.
-I guess it was more of an FYI.
-Mmm.
Look, this can work in our favor.
Deckard doesn't know we suspect him.
And he'll probably try to keep
Jones and I close
in case Peter contacts us.
Oh, you want me to authorize you
to mislead the US Marshals
to buy Peter time.
-Yeah.
-I will let you know.
Thank you.
(CHUCKLING) Oh, by the way,
just in case Deckard brings it up,
Peter had to steal a Lamborghini
when they fl…
MOZZIE: I knew this day would come.
The hunter has become the hunted.
This way, gentlemen.
(ELEVATOR RUMBLES)
Where are we going?
Somewhere no suit has ever gone,
nor shall ever go again.
You're a Buddhist.
MOZZIE: I don't subscribe to labels.
Don't think this is my only safe house.
One of many. I call it Tuesday.
Why?
Because I'm usually here on Wednesdays.
How well do you know this guy?
Well enough.
(GONG RINGS)
Oh!
I left the pot roast in the oven.
Date night. I didn't call Elizabeth.
Ah, Mrs. Suit
will not be pleased with you.
-PETER: Mmm.
-He knows your wife?
I'm sure Rebecca has some friends
you'd like to forget.
Uh, excuse me.
You can show a little respect
for the man who's harboring two fugitives.
You've no idea what bringing you here
is doing to my chi.
I'm sorry, Mozzie.
Thank you for your hospitality.
Well, in that case, mi casa es suit casa.
(CHUCKLES)
We won't be here long.
Hey. What did you find on Volker?
He has one of the highest
acquittal rates in the city.
Moreover, he won his last three cases
when a key witness disappeared or died.
So, what's the plan?
If Bancroft buys off,
Jones and I will keep Deckard occupied.
That will free you up
for Peter to contact.
Neal.
You and Jones.
We're gonna stake out Burke's home.
Who are you?
BANCROFT: She's a transfer from DC.
I want her running point
with your people here.
Let's go.
PETER: There's gotta be a way to prove
that Deckard is working with Volker.
Stan Volker, the defense lawyer?
How do you know him?
He sold out a friend of mine
who was arrested with one of his clients.
I knew he was trouble.
You can never trust anyone
who spells his name
with dollar signs on his license plates.
FRANKLIN: You know about his cars?
Are you kidding? His Lambis
are all the guy ever talks about.
We need to move that car.
Even with the tracking device disabled,
the thing's gonna
attract attention outside.
You stole one of Stan's Murciélagos?
PETER: We commandeered it.
You G-men and your manifest destiny.
Mozzie, how would you like to participate
in a government-sanctioned con?
Involving a dirty marshal, Stan
and one of his prized Lamborghinis?
-How about yes?
-Excellent. All right, listen.
I need to get a hold of Diana.
Where's the phone?
There's no phones here.
Tuesday has no phones.
Give me a phone, Mozzie.
Okay, there's an emergency
burner phone in the dojo.
-Which way?
-There's only one dojo in the loft.
-(RAKE CRACKS)
-(GASPS)
I can fix it.
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
Hey, babe.
What's with all the smoke?
Satchmo, what are you doing outside?
Where's your daddy?
Oh, man.
This feels really, really wrong.
Well, you can always tell us where he is.
I wish I knew.
Frankly, I'm a little offended
he hasn't contacted me.
JONES: I'm not.
I want nothing to do with this.
It's all on Peter.
He's your boss.
I'm surprised you're not more loyal.
You know, since Peter's
the real reason you're not behind bars
I assume you're protecting him.
So let's all be very honest
about why we're here.
Sooner or later,
he's gonna contact her or one of you guys.
Yes, one of these keys
goes to your anklet.
How do you like the new model, by the way?
You know, it's lighter than the last one.
And sleek. I get a lot of compliments.
And the GPS is more accurate too.
Down to the yard.
Yeah, I noticed.
For example, tonight
I wanted to go to a museum exhibit
-a mere two miles outside my radius…
-Neal.
(CLEARS THROAT)
We got company.
DECKARD: Who is that?
No idea.
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
-Mozzie?
-Yeah. May I?
-Yeah. What are you doing here?
-Date night.
So a US Marshal…
A dirty US Marshal named John Deckard.
…has been selling the locations
of witnesses to a defense attorney…
A devious defense attorney.
…and he's been using this information
to intimidate…
And kill witnesses.
Which is why your noble husband
leapt to the aid
of a wrongfully accused FBI agent.
Who inadvertently
commandeered my date night.
And here I am.
What exactly is the plan?
The less I tell you, the better,
just in case
Deckard tries to interrogate you.
Have you ever heard
of a prisoner's dilemma?
Yeah, it's the idea of, uh,
separating two suspects
and getting them
to turn on each other, right?
Yes, but this is
a little more challenging.
Is Neal involved in this?
He is, but Peter hasn't told him yet,
which is one of our challenges.
But we've done more with less.
Is my husband okay?
Oh, right.
He told me to tell you "azaleas."
-Good. That means he's okay.
-(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
What?
Oh, nothing.
I'm not judging.
My safe word is "bread basket."
Actually, Mozzie, that's two words.
Exactly.
Excuse me. My name is Stan Volker.
I got a call from an Agent Diana Berrigan
about my car.
Yeah, hi. I got this.
-Stanley Volker?
-Yeah.
Thanks for coming in. I'm afraid
I have some bad news about your car.
Well, which one?
I think it's best you see for yourself.
I'll let them know we're on our way.
(DIALING)
What do you know about this guy?
JONES: He's another CI.
Peter leans on him
when Neal is not around.
Really? We should talk to him.
No, let's let it play out.
Let's see where he leads us.
So Thursday has a view, huh?
Huh, to say Thursday has a view
is like saying the Hubble Telescope
has a magnifying glass.
It is the most spectacular cityscape
our fair city has to offer.
Really?
-I have to go now.
-Okay.
Are you gonna watch
Moon Landing: Fact or Fiction?
-No.
-Oh. Then it leaves with me.
It was nice to see you, Mrs. Suit.
Nice to see you too, Mozz.
-Thanks for the vino.
-It was Neal's.
(CHUCKLES)
Looks like our CI has left the building.
You want us to follow him or stay here?
-We should follow him.
-We do both.
My guys stay and monitor the house.
We'll follow the miniature Caffrey.
I guess it's Put Your CI to Work Day.
This way.
Pretend you know me.
Give me a reason.
I've given your sweetheart safe passage.
In about two minutes,
we're gonna clear his name.
They gotta be talking
about Burke and Franklin.
(CELL PHONE BUZZES)
Excuse me, guys. I gotta take this.
This is Neal.
PETER: Hey, are you with Deckard?
Yeah. Yeah.
PETER: Are you there, sir?
I am.
-Who is that?
-Tell him it's Bancroft.
It's Bancroft.
Diana should be with Stan Volker.
Yeah. Uh-huh. That's correct.
Give me the phone.
I… I think Deckard
wants to speak with you.
BANCROFT: Caffrey, you still there?
Did you lose him?
It's Deckard, sir.
Deckard, put Caffrey back on.
Yes, sir.
I'm back.
Okay. Have you ever run
a prisoner's dilemma?
I've been in one.
Well, now's your chance to run it
on a US Marshal.
You clear on what to do?
Crystal clear. Thank you, sir.
(CELL PHONE BEEPS)
-What's going on?
-Just follow my lead.
Stan 1 was stolen earlier today
and apparently taken on quite a joyride.
They thought
they could bring it here for parts.
What are they doing in there?
I think you know
what they're doing in there.
That's it.
Who did this?
We have them in custody, Mr. Volker.
Don't worry.
Oh, they're gonna pay.
DIANA: Just need your signature.
If you could read over
this statement for me.
I think you'll find everything's in order.
Volker's cutting a deal with the FBI.
He's selling you out.
NEAL: Yup, there it is.
A signed confession.
See, once you showed up
in Volker's office,
he knew it was only a matter of time
before you turned on him.
He made a deal.
Come on, Deckard.
Don't make it harder than it is.
There is one more thing.
What is this all about?
Deckard says you paid off an FBI agent.
to intimidate and kill witnesses
in federal trials.
You're looking at 25 to life.
Unless you start talking.
Deckard came up with the whole thing.
What do you wanna know about him?
-Give it up.
-Stay back.
Hands up, Deckard. It's over.
Put the gun down on the ground.
You realize the grief you caused me
with Bancroft when you fled?
Yeah, on this side of a manhunt,
isn't all peaches and dandelions, is it?
It beats being led away in cuffs.
Good working with you, Deckard.
(INAUDIBLE)
How did it go?
They've cleared Franklin of all charges.
Bancroft's reinstating him
into the White Collar Division.
It's great work, everyone.
Let's get some rest.
Ahem. Neal.
Good work.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'll be headed home too.
Won't be going to the Powell today,
because, you know, it's outside my radius.
Please?
(CELL PHONE RINGS)
Thanks for playing last night, Mozz.
Oh, the follow-the-leader stuff?
That was child's play.
The reason I'm calling now
is because I've obtained
some information since then.
What did you find?
I know who Kate called from the plane.
It was the FBI agent who set up the deal
between you and Kate.
Garrett Fowler.
Now I need to find him.
Caffrey.
-I'll get right back to you.
-(CELL PHONE BEEPS)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Ahem. Sir?
Come here.
You planning on seeing this?
Well, yeah, I was, but, you know,
it's out of my range and…
Uh-huh.
(SIGHS) I've wanted to see this thing
since it opened. (CLICKS TONGUE)
Let's go.
You know, from the moment I met you,
I could tell you were a man
of refined tastes.
Oh, I know, hon.
I'll be home in 15 minutes tops.
No, I can't wait either.
Just a few hours sleep
and I'll be yours all day… and night.
(CHUCKLES)